Check-in analog experiment tutorial (#7751)
quantumlib/Cirq: cirq-google/cirq_google/experimental/analog_experiments/README.md

# Analog Experiments

> This is the folder for executing the analog experiments in google devices,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the folder for executing analog experiments on Google devices,
```

including the analog frequency trajectory and the corresponding AnalogDetune[Qubit|Coupler]Gate
circuit builder.

> To see the example of the usage, please refer the analog experiment notebook under the `docs/tutorials/google/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the example of the usage, please refer to the analog experiment notebook in the directory `docs/tutorials/google/`.
```
